to present Clyde la vella former
teammate a couple of happy hook shooters
from their day cliff hagan presents
Clyde La Bella
by developed elected as a player
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of
Fame May 3rd 1988 graduations and the
beautiful ring forever and ever by
virtue of your election and by the
authority vested in me by the trustees
of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall
of Fame I have the distinguished honor
to enshrine you as a player in the
Basketball Hall of Fame with all the
rights and privileges they give me two
minutes to see what I have to say and
it's probably going to take me an hour
and a half but I'll try to condense it
it's probably one of the greatest honors
that I received to be standing here as a
high school player back in Garfield in
Terre Haute I never thought I'd be here
as a college basketball player never
thought I'd be here as a pro player
never thought I'd be here but I'm
finally here this great honor and
especially to be walked up the aisle
with cliff Hagan people I got to think
there's too many of them but all my
family is here from Terre Haute to
Florida from Chicago from New Hampshire
and two guys has started this on its way
that that I hold very dear to me Bob
Nelson the old Jayhawker and my
assistant coach dick harp without them I
don't think maybe I would not be
standing here but I just want to thank
those two and to thank the Lord for
giving me the opportunity to be what I
was and now to serve him in my entire
life thank you very much
you